Hello, I'm sorry, but can you help me?
What? You're not a hattan, are you?
You jumped in with your face changed.
Did something big happen?
I'm sorry, but I'd like you to read a letter.
You're crazy.
Is it a letter that you need?
That's right.
Is there anyone who can change the face of a man with a letter?
Whether there is or not, I can't read.
I have a friend who can't read.
I asked a man to read it for me.
He said it was useless.
He said he was embarrassed to wear glasses.
He said he couldn't read the letter.
Who are you to say such a rude thing?
Why are you wearing glasses?
It's just a letter.
What are you doing?
I'm a man. I'll read it.
Bring it.
Ten or twenty.
It's not that much.
One.
Only one?
It's not enough.
Please.
This is it.
Leave it.
I'll call you later.
What?
I'll be in trouble later.
You're working hard.
I'm sorry.
Are you so straightforward to ask someone to do something?
A letter is not something you can read.
You can read it in three or five days.
It takes six months to read it.
You're a sick man.
I don't know how long it will take.
Is this a letter?
This is a letter.
If you don't have a letter, bring it to me.
I'll read it.
It's a letter.
Nobody says anything.
Where did you get this letter?
It's strange.
You wrote it somewhere.
I did.
I asked you before I read it.
It's strange.
I got it from the bookseller.
It's a good thing.
It's written.
It's clearly written.
It's written,
Eightth rank above the old man.
That's strange.
I don't know anything.
I can call you the one who doesn't know.
But you call me the one who doesn't know.
Am I the one who calls you?
Why do you say that?
You're the one who's above you.
So I can't call you the one who's above you.
If you want to be called the one who's above you,
you should be called the old man.
I can't say that.
I can't be called the old man.
I'm not sure.
Which one?
I'll write it.
I want to be called the one who's above you.
It's a good thing.
Thank you.
I want to be called the one who's above you.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm sorry.
What?
You wrote so many things.
What's wrong with you?
You're the one who likes me.